In this lecture, you'll learn about the practice tests, which I recommend to give you the best chance
of passing the Shishani exam on your first try.
Now, let me say, stay off the bat that you do not have to get these practice tests.
It's optional.
In this course, you'll learn all of the topics which are covered on this exam.
You'll get all the knowledge that you need.
I cover all the topics completely.
You'll also get all their hands on practice you need through the lab exercises as well.
But the problem is that having the knowledge and skills that are tested on the exam is not the same
as actually passing the exam.
There's quite a high failure rate on this exam for people that take it the first time.
And that is because even though they know the topics well that are going to be tested on the exam is
quite a difficult exam.
The way that the questions are worded can be difficult if you haven't seen those type of questions before.
So the best way to give yourself the best chance of passing on your first attempt is by not just learning
all the knowledge and the skills that you're going to get from this class, but also doing practice
tests which closely mimic what you're going to get on the real exam as well.
And the practice tests that I recommend for that are all for the reason that I recommend Alphabet is
that they've got a huge question bank with thousands of questions which have been written by school
press.
So they're very, very similar to what you're going to get on the real exam.
And also they've got a really advanced exam engine which uses machine learning and artificial intelligence,
not joking to customize the exam experience to you.
It also gives you really detailed feedback on how you're doing with the practice exams and let you know
when you're ready to take the real exam.
So it's not something that I could have done myself, because to be honest, I don't have the time or
the software development skills to be able to build this custom-built examination, the alphabet half.
So because it's not something I'm capable of doing myself.
That's why I'm recommending the best option for you, which is offer prep.
So let's take a look at how it actually works.
Sure.
To come in to the appropriate website.
Use this Eurail here.
It's w w w dot flat box, dot com slash AP Shishani.
The AP is for alphabet but will always give you the best deal which is available on that day.
So you can see here current pricing is forty five dollars per month, which I think is a real bargain.
So you can come here to sign up for that deal.
Once you do that, you will land on this page here.
Now, when you sign up for this deal, this is you signing up for the current version of this Shishani
exam bank.
When you do that, you also get a free trial.
So all of our other exam resources as well.
So that's why you'll see them on this page.
So what to do is scroll down to the Shishani two hundred Dosch free or one section and click in there
and that will land you on this page here.
So you get the practice test.
You also get the books from school press as well.
So that's also really helpful because you can watch the videos in this class.
If there's anything that you want some further study material on, you can read it right there in the
books.
Now, what to do if you do get the practice test as you go through the course is start off by doing
the quizzes.
So quizzes are over here to know.
I'll click on build a quiz.
And you see in here, it's laid out in the same order.
They are in the school passbooks.
That's slightly different than it is in the course here.
But it's going to be really obvious to figure out what the section was that you just did in the course
and find the only topic in here to come in here, choose whatever it is you've just learned in the course.
Click on that and then you can click on Start Quiz, and then this is going to ask you questions in
the same kind of style.
But you'll get on the exam testing that you have learned properly what you just covered in that section.
So it's going to verify that you do have the knowledge.
OK, so as you go through the class, do the quizzes and then let me just click on the back button here.
When you have completed the course and you're doing your final prep, getting ready for the real exam,
then what to do is go over to.
These fuel exams on the right, what the exams do is they mimic the actual real Shishani exam very,
very, very similar.
You're going to get the same amount of time, the same amount of questions.
And the type of questions are going to be the same as what you get in the exam.
Now, as you're doing these quizzes on the fuel exams, Alpha Prep is going to be monitoring your progress.
And you can see up here at the top, it gives you an exam mastery and a pass IQ score.
And this is going to tell you when you've got to a level where you're ready to pass the exam with a
high degree of accuracy.
So this is going to actually save you money because the cost of the exam is three hundred dollars because
this is just forty five dollars per month.
To be doing this is going to give you the practice you need to pass the exam.
You're going to pass quicker and also you're going to know when you're going to pass.
So you're not going to waste three hundred dollars on a failed attempt.
OK, to give you the full disclosure, I do partner with Alpha Prep, so I do get a small payment if
you do sign up for this service.
But to be honest, I'm not telling you about this to make a few extra dollars that I'm doing it because
it really does give you the best chance of passing the exam.
I would love to be able to give you some kind of software like this within the course as well.
I'm just not capable of doing that.
So that's why I do recommend Alpha Prep.
I think this is a really good deal and it's going to save you money in the long run.
OK.
That was the last thing I needed to tell you.
And we've now reached the end of the course.
So the last thing that I have to say is thank you very much for taking the course with me.
I really appreciate having you as my student.
I hope you got a lot of value from the course and you can go on and crush the exam there.
Let me know when you pass, because I absolutely love to hear your success stories.
OK, thanks again and good luck.